and the audience's went for talent over
novelty they prove they can't get enough
of young contenders what judges are you
most afraid of probably after bait Judge
Dredd just kidding and he did John D's
Batman ones out there
you are a brilliant comedian
and it'll start in the making you are
you a little pop star by the number one
pumped we're delighted we're honored to
be in the company of Jack and gab set
with Steven here
really brilliant to see you guys and you
know jack I honestly if you do write
your own stuff and you say you do you
write your own material I'm not a liar
well you're brilliant son you're
absolutely brilliant I mean I how can he
not go wrong with am the worst is that
really a comedy over the past six years
on Britain's on talent has never really
done that well then Jack turns up and
it's just like it you haven't had a set
yet that hasn't gone down a storm where
do you where do you get this ability
this surf humor from because I've met
your mother and father and neither of
them are funny looking what no no not a
fair thing um I don't know really I
don't know where it comes from and I
think a lot of my family are funny but
not I know where they you know couldn't
translate it not meaning they anything
manly but um it's ya know it's I don't
know I don't know really who you're
gonna pick on announcer the judges in
the final you see a bad cat sir back
come on we could do Ant & Dec do the
whole thing best one okay I could just
do a roast of all all all right just get
the crew on bang bang bang just feel
that do not make light a job jack Damon
said you know you just seem like a
natural you don't appear to be a bit
nervous or you just clever at hiding it
I was last night
I would really nervous last night and
because I don't know I went on properly
by proper shaking I don't usually get
like that but then it's off you know
petered out halfway through and I
thought they do like it well I said to
Simon I said you don't forget Britain's
Got Talent
kids have Got Talent our gaps yeah I
mean amazing well I was saying together
she came and says honestly true I got
out of the shower this morning and I was
going / - Lana's in there humming to
myself I thought I'm singing in a song
already and that's the effect you want
is that she must be thrilled everyone
saying that everyone's singing along the
judges were singing along last night
yeah I think it's really great cuz my
own song um I'm really
happy that everyone likes it and
hopefully they like my other songs as
well did you write that song this gives
me for Britain's Got Talent or if you
just got this stockpile of songs that
you've written a waiting to get them out
there I'd already written it and it
wasn't for Britain's Got Talent but you
know it was one of my favorites so I
decided to use it for Britain's Got
Helen just right now just gonna say what
does it like to be so young and so
talented
are you aware that you guys are
different than that this is an amazing
gift that you've got and I think what
what what you don't know is for part of
an mi6 genetic engineering thing well it
was I think there is some 60 year old
man inside your body I think I just got
on a real connection are you gonna do
the same song in the final or new one
cuz I'll are - quite a tricky thing
isn't it but or have you not somebody I
think I'm gonna do a new one because I
have written more than just the one song
and I want people to know that well then
good luck the bill we live at 14 more
song ventilations benebabes to be 80th
um certainly tribute that Britain has
Got Talent we have got four